
# Zipped Scripts
To install, download the zip and upload the zip to your scenario using the script manager.

## Editor's Note
A variety of tools and commands that allow you to easily implement Editor's Notes and other floating text.

Implements the "/enhelp", "/en", "/float", "/editor", "/display", "/auto", "/format", "/endist", "/floatdist" commands. 

**/enhelp** lists commands and their functions. Use again to hide the list.

**/en** *text* places a hidden editor's note including *text* directly at the front of your context. By default, submitting the E/N will also submit an empty-ish input (" "), applying the E/N. If you retry, the E/N will continue to apply. However, once you continue or put in a new input after the E/N has applied, it will be removed (without applying). 

By default, the EN formats your text as such:

\[Editor's note: this scene:< *text*>.\]

If /en is submitted without any text afterwards, it will clear your E/N


The **/float** *text* command places *text* as a hidden text that floats a configurable number of lines back in your text (default: 1) without any additional formatting. The float text remains until you submit new float text. /float with no text afterwards clears the text. The /float command never automatically submits inputs.

**/editor** puts you into editor mode. In editor mode, all of your subsequent inputs will get converted into E/Ns in the same manner as /en. However, the E/Ns generated by inputs in /editor persist.  Your persistent E/N can be cleared with /en (if no text follows it), and will be cleared when editor mode is disabled by typing /editor again.

**/display** shows your current E/N at the top of your screen. Use "/display" again to turn the display off. The display for E/Ns set with /en will persist even on the input where they will be cleared and not apply (otherwise in many circumstances they would not display at all). 

**/auto** toggles whether blank-ish (" ") inputs will be automatically submitted after you set an E/N. By default, auto-mode is on.

**/format** toggles the auto-formatting style. Default:

\[Editor's note: this scene:< *text*>.\]

Alternate:

\[Editor's note: *text*.\]

**/endist** *#* sets where your E/N will be placed. By default, or if *#* is left out or set to 0, the E/N will be placed after all of your text. If a non-zero *#* is inlcuded, E/Ns will be placed behind that many linebreaks in your text.

**/floatdist** *#* sets where your /float text will be placed. By default, your float text will be placed behind 1 linebreak. If *#* is left out or set to 0, the float text will be placed after all of your text. If a non-zero *#* is inlcuded, float text will be placed behind that many linebreaks in your text.


## Prompt Generator

Fairly straightforward script that creates a hidden bonus floating Author's Note and temporary hanging Editor's Note from entries into a scenario prompt. Includes a /show command to paste them as an output.


The script won't make much sense out of context of the scenario prompt, which is this:

☀${First, for the Author’s Note, set the general setting of the story. Use terms such as fantasy, dark forest, or medieval}☁${Next, set the writing style the AI will use. Use terms such as vivid, purple prose, or energetic}☂${Next, set the focus for the AI. Use terms such as pirate, dark fantasy, or steampunk}☃${Next, briefly detail your character. Use terms such as charming, handsome, or knight errant}☄${Next, name a secondary character (leave blank if there is none)}★${Briefly detail the secondary character (leave blank if there is none)} ☆${Next, name a tertiary character (leave blank if there is none)} ☇${Briefly detail the tertiary character (leave blank if there is none)}☈${Moving on to the Editor’s Note, set the location of the opening scene. Use terms such as empty road, castle, parapets}☉${Lastly, set the opening scene. Use terms such as dragon attack, goblin ambush, feast}☊


## SafePlay Room

A multiplayer chat / roleplay room script that allows AI to be toggled (default off), allows one-shot directed AI outputs through a command that produces an Editor's Note, creates color-coded commands that inform about consent levels and (in the case of Red) halts play until disabled. Dice roller included for tabletop goodness.


###### Change Over Time
A script that swaps out memory, A/N, E/N, WI, and float text based on your current action count.
Has up to 10 different phases you can set up individually. If the player reduces their action count (by undoing) they go back to the apropriate phase. 

To set the script up, upload the scipt to the AID script editor (or the shared.js file to a text editor of your choice) then edit the variables in **Shared Library** according to the instructions there.


## Disguise Kit
This is like a massively supercharged password script. Offers ultimate secrecy and protection for your true script, with a full suite of features, hidden behind a password that must be matched (case sensitive) in the inital prompt or memory (usually through placeholders) to activate.


This includes the E/N script (detailed below), and those features are active whether a password is detected or not.


Otherwise, if no password is detected, your scenario behaves exactly like a normal scenario. The prompt / memory / AN / WI you put in to the scenario editor all work.

HOWEVER, it kicks into high gear when it detects a password, replacing the prompt, memory, and the A/N. It also deletes all the old WIs and puts in up to 10 new ones and offers the floating text feature.

All the replacement text is filled in by the user after uploading the script. The **SHARED** tab has a list of variables to fill in and instructions on how to do so.


## Stats and Killbot
Uses the stat menu to track the classic D&D style attributes (STR, DEX, CON, INT, WIS, CHA). Assigns your attributes randomly (from 8 to 12) on startup. Choosing a profession via the scenario prompt can give you additional stat modifiers.

Uses a hidden catnip 3.0 character sheet to descriptively inform the AI how good each of your attributes are.

Uses KillBot to give you experience points, and has an increasing exp requirement for leveling up. Leveling up gives you more stat buy points.  


## Universitas Arcanorum (formerly Spell Schools)
This script has evolved from its original purpose into a custom script for RogueSphinx's Universitas Arcanorum scenario.

Uses the skill menu to track your skills in the classic D&D spell schools (abjuration, etc). Each spell school has a 33% chance to start at 1 or 2. The others start at 0. Specializing in a school via the scenario prompt can give you additional skill modifiers.

Uses a hidden catnip 3.0 floating character sheet to descriptively inform the AI how skilled you are in each spell school.

Uses a custom WI replacer to swap out the first (dummy) WI with a spellbook. Whenever that spellbook WI is triggered, another script replaces it with a catnip 3.0-formatted floating spellbook that appears just behind the A/N.

Tracks when you get a familiar and what type it is, then updates both a familiar WI and a floating character sheet with the information. When the WI is changed, so is the character sheet.

Uses FamiliarBot to give you experience points, experience rationale, and witty pet comentary. Commentary is from your familiar (as above), and uses its name (if any). Commentary only appears when you have a familiar. 

Has an increasing exp requirement for leveling up. Leveling up gives you more skill buy points.

Uses a tic stystem to track time manage an event system. Event system uses hidden E/Ns to drive the AI to introduce requested story elements.
